README.md, before:

tint3
===============
##About
######tint3 is not a fork of tint2.
######tint3 does not use any code from tint2.
######tint3 is not (for now) backwards compatible with tint2.
######tint2 appears to be a dead project, has an unmaintainable codebase, and has strayed from it's original goal of being lightweight.

######*much of the code wrapping X is pulled from the suckless tools, namely dmenu
######*like many of the suckless tools, tint3 is configured with header files. I eventually hope to write a parser from tint2rc to tint3/config.h.

######**tint3 uses feature branches. If you would like to submit a PR, submit it on a feature branch. all external PR's to master will be closed.

######tint3 is licensed under the GPLv2 (I just havent added the license file yet)

##Screenshots (and screencasts*)
![Clock](screenshots/clock.png)

![Desktops](screenshots/desktops.png)

![Network](screenshots/netgraphs.png)

![Weather](screenshots/thermometer.png)







*maybe github will support these one day

Commit message:

ill figure out something to do with the warning later, setting it as the volume level was a shitty hack. also added a note about launching tint3 from tmux (it freaked me out just now)

README.md, after:

tint3
===============
##About
######tint3 is not a fork of tint2.
######tint3 does not use any code from tint2.
######tint3 is not (for now) backwards compatible with tint2.
######tint2 appears to be a dead project, has an unmaintainable codebase, and has strayed from it's original goal of being lightweight.

######*much of the code wrapping X is pulled from the suckless tools, namely dmenu
######*like many of the suckless tools, tint3 is configured with header files. I eventually hope to write a parser from tint2rc to tint3/config.h.

######**tint3 uses feature branches. If you would like to submit a PR, submit it on a feature branch. all external PR's to master will be closed.

######if you use bspwm, and use my default commands for getting desktop information, you can't start tint3 from inside tmux. It works fine with dmenu however

##Screenshots (and screencasts*)
![Clock](screenshots/clock.png)

![Desktops](screenshots/desktops.png)

![Network](screenshots/netgraphs.png)

![Weather](screenshots/thermometer.png)







*maybe github will support these one day
